konvoy: Update docs for konvoy release v1.5.x-dk (#2836)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/konvoy/latest/install/bastion-hosts/index.md

    ansible_port: 22
```

> **Please Note:** If you are using the Bastion host feature with an internal facing loadbalancer for Kubernetes API [(`aws.elb.internal: true`)][aws_elb] in the `ClusterConfiguration` section of `cluster.yaml` and deploying from a machine outside the network of the cluster, there is a known issue where the deployment of the Addons will fail to connect to the Kubernetes API with the following example error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>

If you are using the Bastion host feature with an internal facing loadbalancer, for Kubernetes API, [(`aws.elb.internal: true`)][aws_elb] in the `ClusterConfiguration` section of `cluster.yaml` and deploying from a machine outside the network of the cluster, there is a known issue. Deployment of the Addons fails to connect to the Kubernetes API with the following example error:</p>
```

```bash
STAGE [Deploying Enabled Addons]
Get https://internal-konvoy-75d3-lb-control-123456789.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com:6443/api?timeout=32s: dial tcp 10.0.67.165:6443: i/o timeout[ERROR]

Error: failed to deploy the cluster: Get https://internal-konvoy-75d3-lb-control-123456789.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com:6443/api?timeout=32s: dial tcp 10.0.67.165:6443: i/o timeout
exit status 1
```

> Please use the following workaround while the issue is being addressed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following workaround while the issue is being addressed:
```
